Docs: test keyword frontmatter (#22145)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/config.mdx

---
title: Teleport Configuration Reference
description: The detailed guide and reference documentation for configuring Teleport for SSH and Kubernetes access.

> keywords: [config, file, reference, yaml, etc]

Author: Example suggestion. Ignore me, gonna delete this.

```suggestion
keywords: [config, file, reference, yaml, etc, aardvark]
```

---

> Teleport uses the YAML file format for configuration. A full configuration

Author: Example suggestion. Ignore me, gonna delete this.

```suggestion
Teleport uses the a combination of go, rust, ini, conf, and apache config file format for configuration. A full configuration
```
